Another grammatical error (#1584)
hackclub/hackclub: workshops/popup_chrome_extension/README.md

2. New bookmark
3. Existing bookmakrs

> You can do the UI however you feel, I think they should all be in 3 separate containers. See my code here and add it below the `head` tag in your `index.html`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can design the UI however you'd like, I think they should all be in 3 separate containers. See my code below and add it below the `head` tag in your `index.html`.
```
